Added information for the maintenance mode #1103 (#1318)
contao/docs: docs/manual/system/maintenance.en.md

This mode is useful, if more in depth work needs to be done in the back end, the effects of which should not be
immediately visible in the front end.

> The maintenance mode has been rewritten for this Contao version. Via the [command line](/en/cli/maintenance-mode/), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maintenance mode has been rewritten for Contao version 4.13. Via the [command line](/en/cli/maintenance-mode/), 
```
